README_EN.md, before:

[日本語](README.md) / English

# AEVE-Plugins

## Overview

This is a modernization and acceleration implementation of the Adobe
AfterEffects plugin
"[F's Plugins](https://github.com/bryful/F-s-PluginsProjects)" for animation
production.\
🚧 Work in progress 🚧

## TODOs

- [x] Convert to UTF-8
- [ ] Set up clang-format
- [ ] Set up clang-tidy
- [ ] Migrate to CMake
- [ ] Create documentation
- [ ] Set up Github Actions
- [ ] MacOS support
- [ ] OpenFX support
- [ ] Accelerate and modernize source code →
      [Feature Update List](#feature-update-list)

### Feature Update List

- ❌ Not started
- 🟡 In progress
- ✅ Completed

| Feature Name            | Accelerate & modernize |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------: |
| AlphaFix                |           ❌           |
| AlphaThreshold          |           ❌           |
| AnimatedNoise           |           ❌           |
| CCplus                  |           ❌           |
| CellGrad                |           ❌           |
| ChannelBlur             |           ❌           |
| ChannelNoise            |           ❌           |
| ChannelShift            |           ❌           |
| ChromaticAberration     |           ❌           |
| ColorChange             |           ❌           |
| ColorChangeFromPoint    |           ❌           |
| ColorChangeSimple       |           ❌           |
| ColorKey                |           ❌           |
| ColorMatKey             |           ❌           |
| colorThreshold          |           ❌           |
| CreateAlpha             |           ❌           |
| EdgeBlur                |           ❌           |
| EdgeLine                |           ❌           |
| EdgeLine-Hi             |           ❌           |
| ExpsColors              |           ❌           |
| ExpsPos                 |           ❌           |
| Extract_Edge            |           ❌           |
| Extract-Hi              |           ❌           |
| FillColor               |           ❌           |
| Filter                  |           ❌           |
| Flare                   |           ❌           |
| Frame                   |           ❌           |
| FsLibrary               |           ❌           |
| FsLibrary_next          |           ❌           |
| FsSSFrame               |           ❌           |
| Grad_Test               |           ❌           |
| grayToColorize          |           ❌           |
| grayToCountourLine      |           ❌           |
| graytoneToColorize      |           ❌           |
| grayToWaveLine          |           ❌           |
| GuideFrame              |           ❌           |
| HLS_Reverse             |           ❌           |
| IroTore                 |           ❌           |
| IroToreAdjacent         |           ❌           |
| LineDetection           |           ❌           |
| LineTrace               |           ❌           |
| MainLineRepaint         |           ❌           |
| MainLineRepaint_old     |           ❌           |
| MaskFromRGB             |           ❌           |
| MaskFromRGB_Multi       |           ❌           |
| Max                     |           ❌           |
| Max_Kasumi              |           ❌           |
| Mosaic                  |           ❌           |
| NamiGarasu              |           ❌           |
| NFsLibrary              |           ❌           |
| NFsSkelton              |           ❌           |
| NoiseHiLo_Alpha         |           ❌           |
| NoiseHiLo_RGB           |           ❌           |
| OpticalDiffusion        |           ❌           |
| outAEX                  |           ❌           |
| OutLine                 |           ❌           |
| Paint                   |           ❌           |
| PaintMultPoint          |           ❌           |
| PaperPlaneGetWeight     |           ❌           |
| PaperPlaneGetWeightInfo |           ❌           |
| PixelExtend             |           ❌           |
| PixelReplace            |           ❌           |
| PixelSelector           |           ❌           |
| PluginSkeleton          |           ❌           |
| Posterization8bit       |           ❌           |
| Premultiply             |           ❌           |
| RandomLineNoise         |           ❌           |
| RandomMosaic            |           ❌           |
| RandomMosaic2nd         |           ❌           |
| RandomShift             |           ❌           |
| RGBAControl             |           ❌           |
| RgbToAlpha              |           ❌           |
| Scanline                |           ❌           |
| ScreenShakeDir          |           ❌           |
| ScreenShakeMM           |           ❌           |
| SelectColor             |           ❌           |
| SelectedBlur            |           ❌           |
| Shine                   |           ❌           |
| ShineParallel           |           ❌           |
| ShitsuKanBlur           |           ❌           |
| smokeThreshold          |           ❌           |
| Spark                   |           ❌           |
| Spark_Test              |           ❌           |
| SparkGrand              |           ❌           |
| SparkMult               |           ❌           |
| SparkRing               |           ❌           |
| SparkStorm              |           ❌           |
| sputteringAlpha         |           ❌           |
| sputteringCircle        |           ❌           |
| sputteringRect          |           ❌           |
| sputteringSplash        |           ❌           |
| Star                    |           ❌           |
| Star_Colorful           |           ❌           |
| Thin                    |           ❌           |
| ToGray                  |           ❌           |
| Tone                    |           ❌           |
| Toner                   |           ❌           |
| TouchDraw               |           ❌           |
| TouchDrawCenter         |           ❌           |
| TouchDrawStraght        |           ❌           |
| Unmult_KNSW_Fake        |           ❌           |
| Unmult_RG_Fake          |           ❌           |
| UsedColorList           |           ❌           |
| VideoGrid               |           ❌           |
| VideoLine               |           ❌           |
| VideoLine2nd            |           ❌           |
| whiteInOut              |           ❌           |
| YuvControl              |           ❌           |

## License

This software is released under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for
details.

## Super Thanks

Special thanks to [bry-ful](https://github.com/bryful), the creator of "F's
Plugins".

- [bry-ful's Amazon Wishlist](https://www.amazon.co.jp/hz/wishlist/ls/2ME5VSS8WJOX8?ref_=wl_sha)

Commit message:

Update README to mark CMake-migration

README_EN.md, after:

[日本語](README.md) / English

# AEVE-Plugins

## Overview

This is a modernization and acceleration implementation of the Adobe
AfterEffects plugin
"[F's Plugins](https://github.com/bryful/F-s-PluginsProjects)" for animation
production.\
🚧 Work in progress 🚧

## TODOs

- [x] Convert to UTF-8
- [ ] Set up clang-format
- [ ] Set up clang-tidy
- [x] Migrate to CMake (Thanks to [after_effects_cmake](https://github.com/mobile-bungalow/after_effects_cmake) for reference. For unfinished parts, see [#1](https://github.com/Hashory/AEVE-Plugins/pull/1#issue-3075971090).)
- [ ] Create documentation
- [ ] Set up Github Actions
- [ ] MacOS support
- [ ] OpenFX support
- [ ] Accelerate and modernize source code →
      [Feature Update List](#feature-update-list)

### Feature Update List

- ❌ Not started
- 🟡 In progress
- ✅ Completed

| Feature Name            | Accelerate & modernize |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------: |
| AlphaFix                |           ❌           |
| AlphaThreshold          |           ❌           |
| AnimatedNoise           |           ❌           |
| CCplus                  |           ❌           |
| CellGrad                |           ❌           |
| ChannelBlur             |           ❌           |
| ChannelNoise            |           ❌           |
| ChannelShift            |           ❌           |
| ChromaticAberration     |           ❌           |
| ColorChange             |           ❌           |
| ColorChangeFromPoint    |           ❌           |
| ColorChangeSimple       |           ❌           |
| ColorKey                |           ❌           |
| ColorMatKey             |           ❌           |
| colorThreshold          |           ❌           |
| CreateAlpha             |           ❌           |
| EdgeBlur                |           ❌           |
| EdgeLine                |           ❌           |
| EdgeLine-Hi             |           ❌           |
| ExpsColors              |           ❌           |
| ExpsPos                 |           ❌           |
| Extract_Edge            |           ❌           |
| Extract-Hi              |           ❌           |
| FillColor               |           ❌           |
| Filter                  |           ❌           |
| Flare                   |           ❌           |
| Frame                   |           ❌           |
| FsLibrary               |           ❌           |
| FsLibrary_next          |           ❌           |
| FsSSFrame               |           ❌           |
| Grad_Test               |           ❌           |
| grayToColorize          |           ❌           |
| grayToCountourLine      |           ❌           |
| graytoneToColorize      |           ❌           |
| grayToWaveLine          |           ❌           |
| GuideFrame              |           ❌           |
| HLS_Reverse             |           ❌           |
| IroTore                 |           ❌           |
| IroToreAdjacent         |           ❌           |
| LineDetection           |           ❌           |
| LineTrace               |           ❌           |
| MainLineRepaint         |           ❌           |
| MainLineRepaint_old     |           ❌           |
| MaskFromRGB             |           ❌           |
| MaskFromRGB_Multi       |           ❌           |
| Max                     |           ❌           |
| Max_Kasumi              |           ❌           |
| Mosaic                  |           ❌           |
| NamiGarasu              |           ❌           |
| NFsLibrary              |           ❌           |
| NFsSkelton              |           ❌           |
| NoiseHiLo_Alpha         |           ❌           |
| NoiseHiLo_RGB           |           ❌           |
| OpticalDiffusion        |           ❌           |
| outAEX                  |           ❌           |
| OutLine                 |           ❌           |
| Paint                   |           ❌           |
| PaintMultPoint          |           ❌           |
| PaperPlaneGetWeight     |           ❌           |
| PaperPlaneGetWeightInfo |           ❌           |
| PixelExtend             |           ❌           |
| PixelReplace            |           ❌           |
| PixelSelector           |           ❌           |
| PluginSkeleton          |           ❌           |
| Posterization8bit       |           ❌           |
| Premultiply             |           ❌           |
| RandomLineNoise         |           ❌           |
| RandomMosaic            |           ❌           |
| RandomMosaic2nd         |           ❌           |
| RandomShift             |           ❌           |
| RGBAControl             |           ❌           |
| RgbToAlpha              |           ❌           |
| Scanline                |           ❌           |
| ScreenShakeDir          |           ❌           |
| ScreenShakeMM           |           ❌           |
| SelectColor             |           ❌           |
| SelectedBlur            |           ❌           |
| Shine                   |           ❌           |
| ShineParallel           |           ❌           |
| ShitsuKanBlur           |           ❌           |
| smokeThreshold          |           ❌           |
| Spark                   |           ❌           |
| Spark_Test              |           ❌           |
| SparkGrand              |           ❌           |
| SparkMult               |           ❌           |
| SparkRing               |           ❌           |
| SparkStorm              |           ❌           |
| sputteringAlpha         |           ❌           |
| sputteringCircle        |           ❌           |
| sputteringRect          |           ❌           |
| sputteringSplash        |           ❌           |
| Star                    |           ❌           |
| Star_Colorful           |           ❌           |
| Thin                    |           ❌           |
| ToGray                  |           ❌           |
| Tone                    |           ❌           |
| Toner                   |           ❌           |
| TouchDraw               |           ❌           |
| TouchDrawCenter         |           ❌           |
| TouchDrawStraght        |           ❌           |
| Unmult_KNSW_Fake        |           ❌           |
| Unmult_RG_Fake          |           ❌           |
| UsedColorList           |           ❌           |
| VideoGrid               |           ❌           |
| VideoLine               |           ❌           |
| VideoLine2nd            |           ❌           |
| whiteInOut              |           ❌           |
| YuvControl              |           ❌           |

## License

This software is released under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for
details.

## Super Thanks

Special thanks to [bry-ful](https://github.com/bryful), the creator of "F's
Plugins".

- [bry-ful's Amazon Wishlist](https://www.amazon.co.jp/hz/wishlist/ls/2ME5VSS8WJOX8?ref_=wl_sha)
